Introducing a new video game from Nickelodeon.
It's like you have this pet.
This dog, small dog, are real dumb.
Right, Spunky.
And he's always getting into trouble and saving him's up to you.
Only you're this wallaby.
Rocco.
Yeah.
And there's all kinds of weird creatures.
No.
Masky neighbors, flying clothespins, evil garbage trucks.
Big-time people who can float Spunkier were like a balloon to save him.
Rocco's modern life for your Super Nintendo Entertainment System from Biacom New Media.
He's your dog.
He's your problem.
Hey, Squirt.
Meet Lisa.
I invited her for breakfast.
Nice.
Can I have another bowl, Billy?
Yeah, sure.
She's got my Kellogg's corn pops.
Stay calm.
Sorry.
You ate all my pops.
Oh, what that tastes like, sweet popcorn.
And all you can say, Miss SpaceKnight,
with my loser brother for her boyfriend is sorry.
What am I gonna do?
Billy, didn't you have Megan over for corn pops last week?
Megan Keller.
Not hungry.
Aw.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
Boom!
Hi.
I'm Martin Short.
In the movies, I play Clifford, a 10-year-old boy,
and these are famous stories from famous people.
Favorite food, baloney, B-A-L-O-G-N-A.
Oh, my favorite food when I was a kid and to this day is a baloney sandwich.
And I've never decided whether I prefer baloney with mustard
or baloney with ketchup.
Never together.
I cannot eat a tomato.
Yes.
I love ketchup.
Don't get me wrong.
But for me to bite into a tomato, I'd need a lot of money.
Tremendous amount of money.
More money than you have.
Found someone who won't go cooking for corn pops.
And I think he'll wake him up.
He's been sleeping for years.
Aw, but one taste of a complete breakfast
with my chocolatey-tasting cocoa puffs
will shake things up.
It's going.
Going.
Now you can get two cuckoo-burned cookies
splashed with chocolatey fudge,
free and marked boxes of cocoa puffs.
The chocolatey taste, you go.
Cocoa for.
Nickelodeon's going all out for the hottest event of the year.
What, they're going to show my video?
No.
We're hosting the seventh annual Kids' Choice Awards Live
from the Pantages Theater.
This is one nice place, huh?
Imagine, kids, stars, and performers.
Man, it's got definite slumming possibilities.
All gathered here to find out who kids pick
as their favorites in TV, movies, music, and sports.
Did they tell the owners what we're going to do to this place?
Snip or miss the hottest event of the year,
the seventh annual Kids' Choice Awards,
Saturday at 8, 7, 10, only on Nickelodeon.
Nickelodeon's seventh annual Kids' Choice Awards
is brought to you by new and credibility flavor
from Kool-Aid and Ring Pop.
Boring restaurants versus chunky teases.
Their food keeps food.
Their host, our host.
Their games, Chuckie's games.
Their prizes, Chuckie's prizes.
Why go to a boring restaurant
when you can go to Chuckie's?
Next time, Mom says, let's eat out.
Remember, Chuckie Cheese, please.
The restaurant where a kid can be a kid.
It's the littlest pet drops out.
Look, soon nursery babies.
They do cute things like real pets do.
Who has a baby zero two co-mat pet
baby tiger and a chip poodle?
Each sold separately.
Watch me do something outrageous
to get Fred's broody pebbles with new berry blue.
Brew ninjas.
Give us your fruity pebbles,
and you could be a ninja like us.
Me? A berry brew ninja?
Okay.
Orange, grape, cherry, lemon, lime, and new berry blue.
Fruit of your flavors, too.
Hey, wait for me.
What's funny, my pebbles?
Hate to leave you hanging.
House 40 pebble cereal with new berry blue.
Plot of this complete breakfast.
Nick is kids.
All kinds of kids.
All colors.
All shapes.
All sizes.
Even fur wads.
Nick is kids.
The big orange couch is in place.
So hop on.
Begin.
Your regular day schedule shows are not being shown today
because Nick's bringing you the 7th Annual Kids' Choice Awards.
So stay tuned.
It's coming up next right here on Nickelodeon.
Nickelodeon's 7th Annual Kids' Choice Awards
is brought to you by new and credo berry flavor
from Kool-Aid and Ring Pop.
The advantage is big in Hollywood.
Home of historic moments in entertainment.
Where year after year Hollywood's biggest and brightest stars
have gathered to honor their home.
Good evening.
I'm James Earl Jones.
And welcome to the 29th Annual Adult Appreciation Awards.
Once again, these hallowed halls are graced
with the elegance of black ties,
patterned leather shoes,
tuxedos and evening gowns.
As thousands of sophisticated adults
gather in anticipation of this evening's festivities.
At stake this evening,
the coveted Gruffin
arguably the most prestigious award
in the adult community.
What magic will this evening hold?
Who will be honored tonight?
I don't know.
Live from Hollywood,
it's the 7th Annual Kids' Choice Awards.
Starring Candice Cameron and Joey Lawrence.
With Papiana Ali, Jonathan Angel,
Andrea Barber, Mark Leigh the Dog,
Brian Bonzel, Michael Caine,
Anna Klubsky, Natasha Pikliuti,
Linda Elevee, Michael Fishman,
Melissa Joan Hart, Ashley Johnson,
William James Jones,
Lacey Keenan, David Lasher,
Matthew Lawrence, Matthew Lawrence,
Kabara Bowery, Tia Bowery,
Randy Norwood, Willie Norwood Jr.,
Kevin O'Brien, Kelly Packard,
Pete Curryado-Richard,
Wacom, Shunny, Mark Stubbers,
Johnny Swish, Nick Hogan,
Jenna Baroy, Angela Watson,
and special guest appearances by
James Earl Jones and Mark Weiner.
With musical performances by
all for one, Kevin Campbell,
Cassie, and the cast of Bottle House.
And now, please welcome
Candice and Joey.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
All right.
Now let's give a nice warm round of applause
for the cast of Roundhouse, please.
Well, excellent. Good job, guys.
And welcome to the seventh annual
Kids' Choice Awards.
And welcome to the Pantages Theater
where tons of award shows have been held.
Hey, Candice, who gets to vote for those awards?
Adults.
Oh, boring.
Look, this is Kids' Choice.
The only show where you, the kids,
get to vote for your favorites in music,
television, movies, and sports.
Who you elected this year?
So we're taking over the Pantages, folks.
And we're taking you around the world
to England for our first ever
international award.
And across the country to Universal Studios, Florida,
where Mark Weiner is hosting
the East Coast portion of our show.
Hey, Mark, are you there?
Mark, come on in, Mark.
Hi, Joey. Welcome to the Kids' Choice
here at Universal Studios, Florida.
Special guest tonight.
They're here to sing their hit single,
whoop, there it is, it's Tag Tags!
All right, thanks, Mark.
We'll see you a little bit later in the show.
Our first award is for favorite TV actor.
And to present it, please welcome
my favorite little brothers from Tom,
Andrew Lawrence, and from Mrs. Doubtfire,
Matthew Lawrence.
Whoo!
So, Andy, who was that guy?
Him.
I think he's the first Prince in Bel Air.
Oh, no.
Maybe, I don't know.
Okay.
Now, the nominees for favorite TV actor are...
Tim Allen.
I'm really going to start a fire with sticks like this.
Tim, you're on fire.
Indeed I am, Al.
And you know I've done this to teach the kids
out there an important lesson.
Don't play with sticks, because they can put your eye out
or they can ignite your forearm.
Al, put your help here.
Martin Lawrence, Mark.
You ain't getting no young.
You are already starting to crack
all up around about your eyes.
Gina, I am a cosmopolitan.
I live these days, Al.
Will Smith.
That's good.
Don't you mind?
Hey, Will, how are the subs today?
Oh, well, you know, sort of like your lectures,
long, stale, and full of baloney.
I'm stupid. I'm stupid.
I just failed, didn't I?
Okay, okay.
All right.
The winner is Tim Allen.
You're going to watch that.
Very sticky.
Hi.
Thank you all very much for voting me your favorite TV actor.
I'm stunned, but I mean, I'm very thankful,
especially because kids.
It's nice that the kids enjoy the show
because the show's actually done by kids.
It's just that we're very old bodies.
The same as kids.
Just very, like I'm naked under these clothes.
It's that sort of thing.
I'm actually a kid under this very old,
well, not from my age.
I'm pretty young actually.
And a blimp.
He gave me a blimp.
This is just so cool.
I never...
You know what?
I like this so much.
And I'm so appreciative.
I'm going to just carry this around.
It seems like for quite a while.
Um, boy.
Thank you very much for the award.
Ooh.
It's getting cold.
Honey, do you have any nail polish remover?
Congratulations, Tim Allen.
I have to present our next award.
Please welcome from Blossom,
Jenna Bonoy and David Lasher.
Give it up.
I'm so excited to be here.
I'm too excited to be here.
And it's a live event.
Did you ever notice that live and live are spelled exactly the same way?
So maybe it's more alive than live.
Did you think of that?
No, never.
Anyway, the nominees for favorite TV actress are...
Roseanne Arnold, Roseanne.
I've heard you know I'm an actress.
I need to be more.
Think of them, not as lumps to play,
but as lumps.
Candace Cameron, Full House.
Well, you said you didn't want to be stuck at home
while Steve's out sharing phones with the rich and the sexy.
Yeah, but I don't want to be stuck on this ledge either.
Steve, you gotta face the spear.
I mean, what's the worst that can happen to you?
Well, I could fall and be splattered
in the thousands of little pieces
on these very hard, pointy rocks.
There you go.
And Tisha Campbell, Mark,
Yeah, there you go.
Is that how you really feel about it?
You know, I'm just one-up.
Grab the remote.
Foxy Brown's on.
Thanks for voting for me and especially for watching Full House.
Thanks to all the writers and producers on our show
and especially the cast.
I love you all.
And thanks again for voting.
This was so special to me.
Thank you.
Excellent job, Candace.
Excellent, excellent job.
All right, now moving right along to our next category.
Wait a second.
Good evening, I'm Linda Ellerby,
and this is a new special report.
A pair of suspicious orange high tops
have been spotted in and around
the greater Los Angeles area.
Just tonight, the orange shoes
were spied at the Pantages Theater in Hollywood,
where the Adult Appreciation Awards,
or AAAs, were suddenly taken over by kids.
The shoes are believed to belong to the Orange Avenger.
Here is a police artist sketch.
Adults should be on the lookout.
The shoes may be in disguise.
There's a kid who knows how to take charge,
and here are our next two presenters
from the Fresh Prince of Bel Air, Tatiana Ali,
host of Double Dare,
and what would you do, Mark Summers?
Give it up.
Thank you.
What a television here.
Well, Tatiana, I've got a question for you.
What would you do if somebody told you
to come out here with me to present the award
for favorite television program?
I take the physical challenge.
Oh, the physical challenge.
Okay, here's Tatiana, here's your physical challenge.
Balance this egg on the tip of your nose
while you catch your head and rub your stomach
at the same time, and also announce all the nominees.
Ready? On your marks, get set, go!
I think that was the wrong answer.
Well, go ahead anyway.
The nominees are...
Will, I'll give you $1,000 when you come back.
You don't get it, do you?
Carlton, it isn't always about
facts and figures and green pieces of paper
with dead presidents on them.
A man's most valuable possession
is his self-respect.
Make it $2,000.
Alright, let me go get my hat.
Alright, look at it.
Alright, I'm going to count to three.
One, two...
You want that door open?
I challenge a professional fighter.
No, no, correct it.
I challenge Tommy Hitman Hurst
to 10 miles, man!
Ouch!
You just want your kid's choice for his favorite TV show.
Cool.
And you know what?
I think it's really cool that the kid got to vote for us.
Me too.
Thanks, everybody.
We're sorry we can't be with you in person.
We're going to be in Arizona
volunteering for the Phoenix Children's Hospital.
We love the blimp.
We're just going to get to keep it.
Well, of course I do.
Well, why is that?
Because I'm the biggest.
Well, it doesn't matter.
Yes, it does.
No, it doesn't.
Alright, we'll put it on the mantle.
Fine.
Thank you, guys.
Thanks, little buddy.
You have to be so dramatic about everything.
Kellogg's Pop-Tart.
It's the monster snack.
It's hot new Barbie fashion.
This breakfast could use some sprinkles.
Hey, you wish it.
I did it.
You sprinkle sprinkles on it.
Well, kind of. You might want to stay tuned for details.
Movie Awards!
Delivery for Mr. Lawrence!
Oh, great.
Finally, my piece is here. This is the best piece in the world. I think you're going to love it.
Delivery!
Oh, right. Thanks so much, man.
Oh, great.
Oh, wait a minute.
But it's got large cheese, sausage, onions, monkey brains, and uh...
Yeah, yeah, but you have a huge...
Oh, I don't want this.
Ah, get this out of here.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Mike, sorry.
Why? What? What?
They forgot the peanut butter cup. Get out of here.
They forgot the peanut butter cup.
Do you believe that, huh?
Pizza guys, you know?
Please welcome our next presenters, from Sister, Sister, Chia, and Tamara Moran.
I'm Tia Moran, and on my show, Sister, Sister, you do magic of television.
I play twins. Pretty amazing, huh?
Hey, Tia, come on.
Hi, sis.
She's just jealous because my name comes first in the credit.
And just for that, I get to announce the nominees.
And the nominees for favorite movie actor are...
Ah!
...John Kander, who's running.
Exactly.
Always remember, your bones will not break in a bobsled.
No, no. They shatter.
So...
Who wants in?
Arnold Schwarzenegger, last action hero.
What is it?
Your doctor?
Yes.
Check his chin.
And Robin Williams, Mrs. Dachau.
Oh, so...
I saw some angry member of the kitchen staff.
Did you not tip him?
Oh, the terrorists, they ran that way.
It was a run-by fruiting.
I want to thank you for my Hindenburg.
And I know Robin would like to thank you if he was here.
I am here.
So I'll thank you too.
This is a wonderful little zeppelin.
And you know the coincidences.
I'm here in Lakehurst, New Jersey right now.
Aha!
But thank you.
This is wonderful.
And I see Tommy.
I see Steve.
To present the award for favorite movie actress,
please welcome from Tia, Brandy Norwood,
and from Sinbad, Willie Norwood, Jr.
Thank you, thank you.
Hey Willie, you remember when mom and dad used to take us to the movies?
Yeah, I remember.
Wait, you ate that jumbo fat of popcorn.
You were throwing up for two days.
You're out for too much.
Thanks for reminding me.
No problem, Steve.
The nominees for favorite movie actress are...
Rookie Goldberg.
I love to have the tongue stroke.
Stick my hand, stick it in his mouth and rub his tongue.
Yeah, eventually.
I don't think so.
What the movie actress is?
Oh, hey Blampy.
Give me a kiss.
Are you from here?
Oh, you're mine.
Oh, baby.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know it was from you.
I'm a very good guy.
I just feel cool.
You know how many views I have?
Too many to count.
I'm always glad to get it because you kids are the coolest.
It's just the bottom line.
And without you, hey, what is a Rookie Goldberg?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, whoopee.
All right, next is the favorite movie award.
And to present it, please welcome from my girl too,
Anna Klubsky and Austin O'Brien.
It's really great to be here.
The nominees for most favorite movies are...
Cool Running.
For you, rich boy.
I'd be in the Olympics right now.
I don't know what you all are arguing about
because the race was going to be both your butts anyway.
What are you talking about?
How about I beat your butt right now?
How about I draw a line down the middle of your head
so it looks like a butt?
And Jurassic Park.
Jurassic Park is just like a flock of birds
evading a predator.
They're just walking this way.
And the winner is...
Austin, I want to announce the winner.
What are you going to do? Read my mind?
Well, okay, just close your eyes
and think the winner's name.
No chance.
Accepting the award for Jurassic Park
is Ariana Richards.
Happy you liked our movie.
Thank you so much for being here
and sharing this moment with me.
It's the most amazing honor for me
to be receiving this on behalf
of Steven Spielberg and everyone
who is involved in the making of Jurassic Park.
We're also going to be doing another one.
So, thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
All right, right now, it's back to the East Coast
with Mark Wiener and Sacco.
Check it out, ladies and gentlemen.
Sacco's is a bowl game.
Here's a trick you can play in your parents.
You reverse the flush on the toilet
so when they sit on it, it's a Mexico.
Sacco, are you done? Not yet.
But we're just getting started.
Here to sing their hit singles.
Here they are.
Tag Team!
Welcome to the Old School.
We're the Old School.
If you want to get down, I'm gonna show you the way.
Woo!
Come on, young.
A little louder.
Come on, say, woo.
Here it is.
Come on, come on, woo.
S habitat ride, that feet in.
Woo.
It is another...
You're gonna push it shopping
to underground towns.
You're gonna stay up late.
You're gonna go down.
Can't you dig it? Can't y'all dig it? Can't you dig it? Can't y'all dig it? Can't you dig it? Can't y'all dig it?
If we have the flow, we're gonna blast up from the school of old. It's our core.
Take the full floor wreck. Three, two, one.
If I check my skill flow hill on the master step, that's real.
On the microphone, I just can't find the people that's trying to take me through.
Whoop, there it is. That's your needle. Whoop. Whoop.
First-ever Kids' Choice International Award, when Kids' Choice returns.
This is sizzling action. It's Batman. At his best.
Crime has gotten messy since Playface came to town.
Ready to take charge, it's lightning strike Batman.
Eat dirt.
Batman.
Peace down.
So it's nightstar Batman's turn to get rid of this mound of mud.
Now what's up?
Here's Batman in his arrow vat. Flipping out the foot and end to this mess.
The figures in the vehicle each sold separately.
Batman, the best, just got better.
Late in the afternoon, a strange hunger comes over Steve.
Without his trusty Kellogg's poptarts to ward off the effects,
he changes into the chocolate-creating monster.
What can stop his feeding frenzy?
Kellogg's chocolate-fledged poptarts.
Awesome pastries oozing with fudgy filling
or s'mores with gooey marshmallow lurking inside.
Unable to resist, the creature sinks in thievesins within seconds.
Steve is his former self.
Thanks, little buddy.
He has to be so dramatic about everything.
Kellogg's poptarts, it's the monster snack.
The only launcher that fires five cars this fast.
New rapid-shot only from Matchbox.
The word's fastest rapid-fire launcher.
Slam three, four, five cars ripping down the track.
Launch five cars in three seconds, speeding toward the finish line.
And now, with the rapid-shot crossover crash, get twice the action.
Rapid-shot.
Rapid-shot, slam seven, crossover crash.
Additional cars sold separately.
Rapid-shot.
Only from Matchbox.
Nickelodeon.
Join the show!
Horse Award and present the favorite male athlete award.
Please welcome...
Oh, wait a second.
Good evening. I'm Linda L.R.D., back with a special shoe update.
The Orange Avenger has been spotted again, and again.
The latest incidents occurred at Universal Studios Hollywood.
Authorities are baffled.
The only witness was T. Rex.
Police have taken the dinosaur into custody for questioning.
Well, Rex definitely won't rat out the shoes.
But I'm going to snitch on our next presenter.
Please welcome from step by step, Stacey Keenan and Angela Watson.
Category, favorite male athlete.
So, Ann, who's your favorite?
All of them.
I'm with you on that.
The nominees for favorite male athlete are...
Charles Barton, the Phoenix Sun.
I keep thinking of me as a male athlete of the year,
and I keep coming back.
Sorry I can't be there, but thanks.
Please welcome from California Dreams, Michael Cade.
William James Jones and Kelly Packard.
Hey, hey.
Check this place out. It looks like a comic book.
Oh, that was in the comic book one.
And the truck was there, and that elevator was there.
Oh, and the bridge was just like that one.
Okay.
With the nominees there?
Damn, man, I got them right here.
The nominees are...
Ronnie Blair, Nancy Kerrigan, and Shannon Miller.
We're in the city where Pete and Pete are waiting
to present Nancy with her award.
Hi, we're here at Skyrink enjoying the rare beauty
and unsurpassed elegance of figures.
Nancy!
We're also trying to get Nancy Kerrigan's attention
so we can present her with her award.
She's great, isn't she?
I guess the subtle approach isn't working.
Ready?
Ready!
Plot's down.
Plot's down!
Yeah.
On behalf of kids everywhere, we...
I'd like to present you with the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award
for favorite female athlete.
Thank you.
Wow, this is great.
I'd like to thank Nickelodeon and all the kids out there
who voted for me.
What an exciting award this is,
and I appreciate it.
I hope if all of you believe in yourself,
you can make your dreams come true like Guy did.
Thank you.
Hey, Pete, where's your brother Pete?
You wouldn't happen to have a spatula, would you?
No matter the fact, I do.
There you go.
Oh, I'm over here.
To present the award, please welcome
two members of the Full House team,
Andrea Barber and Jody Sweeten.
That makes the good team communication.
Right, Jody?
Huh, oh, what did you say?
The nominees for favorite sports team are
the Chicago Bulls,
the Dallas Cowboys,
and the Phoenix Suns.
The Chicago Bulls and all my teammates.
We'd like to thank you and hopefully
we can do it one more time.
Three Pete.
He's reaching across the world to England
with an international award.
And to hook us up, please welcome
our very own international star, Rocco.
Now come back.
Take it away, mate.
In the UK, Nickelodeon's been on air
for the past eight months,
and in those eight months, we've certainly made our mark,
mainly a big sort of orange-flatten mark
over the last 15 years.
Our favorite new performer,
and that's the world this year,
goes to three lads from London called Let Loose.
We caught up with them at one of their gigs.
You guys, happy about your time.
Here is your Nickelodeon.
Yeah.
The UK.
I've got Loose and I'm Richie and I sing.
I'm Robbie and I play guitar.
I'm Lee and I play the drums.
And we need to say a really big thank you
to everyone in the UK that watches Nickelodeon.
Thank you for that.
Yeah, they voted for us.
That's a big way.
Thank you very much.
America, here we come.
Let Loose over there in England.
But we know how to party right here, too.
Right, guys?
With...
Pick it up, guys.
Let Loose go...
along.
Read the treasure round.
Maybe I grabbed the wrong map.
To Burger King Kids Club.
It's a cool place.
Jurassic Park News Flash Day 36.
The escape of the dinosaurs.
The neighborhoods are threatened.
And only the dinodrakers,
led by T-Rex Turner, can stop them.
Turner stuns the young T-Rex with a tree carol.
Jaws Jackson and his dinocaptor trap
put the squeeze on a rammy.
Trap them and wrap them, boys.
And Harpoon Harrison hooks the demon.
Get some prizes on those teeth.
Yeah!
Jurassic Park, dinodrakers and dinosaurs
eat souls separately.
Spunkies on the loose.
Rocko's on his tail.
And you could catch a big prize.
How?
Watch Rockomania between 3 and 5
next Monday through Friday.
That's between 2 and 4 a.c.
Spock, Rocko and Spunkies
scampering across the screen.
And you're one step closer to winning
one of 500 Rocko video games.
A thousand Rocko t-shirts,
2,500 Rocko posters,
or 5,000 Rocko comic books.
For complete rules and how to play,
watch Rockomania all next week at NIC.
The only network where you can help
a wannabe catch a dog and win.
We pick the nominees who will go home
with a golden blimp tonight.
You want some answers?
Well then please welcome
the Nickelodeon Authority on Everything.
From Clarissa Explains It All,
Melissa Joan Hart.
Ken, make Melissa explain it all.
It's called the Hall of Fame,
but there's really no hall.
The people in it are famous
because you guys have already
nominated them for at least
three other Kids' Choice Awards.
No matter who wins,
these guys are all the best
at what they do.
The nominees for this year's
Hall of Fame are...
Whoopie Goldberg.
Dennis Jackson.
Michael Jordan.
Michael Jordan, I want to say
thanks for electing me to a Hall of Fame.
Already, I never considered myself that old,
but, you know, coming from the kids,
that means a lot.
And it's always been a motivation
to come to me to represent the kids
as best as I can.
And once again, thanks.
And certainly, I would treasure this
for the rest of my life.
My first Hall of Fame.
And definitely thanks.
All right, guys and girls,
it's time to rock and roll
for our last category,
the Music Awards.
With Brian?
Absolutely.
With Brian Bonzel from Blank Check
and Motown Recording Artist, Shani.
Whoo!
The nominees for favorite singer are...
Whoopie Goldberg.
Mariah Carey.
And Dennis Jackson.
Whoopie Goldberg.
That's not me.
That's Barkley from Clean Sleep.
Whoopie Goldberg.
And he's been trying
to tell you something.
The winner is...
Wendy Houston.
Hi, kids.
I just want to thank you
for choosing me to be your favorite singer.
That's really cool
because kids are my favorite people.
I love you.
I thank you again.
God bless.
Peace.
Kids' Choice.
They'll do you right back.
Right, we're back.
And to present the Kids' Choice Award
for favorite music group,
please welcome Jonathan Angel
and Natalia Segluti
from Saved by the Bell,
the new class.
And from Jurassic Park,
once again,
Ariana Richards.
Give it up.
Thanks, Joey.
It's great to be out of school.
Yeah, I think we're the only kids
that go to school to learn
and to work, too.
Well, I'll take reading over
Raptors any day.
The nominees for favorite music group are...
Us guys,
your favorite group.
Hey, Bruce,
get over here.
This is not candy store rock and roll,
corporation jelly roll,
play to singles.
It ain't me.
It's program insanity.
F-cap of BMI.
Could ever make a mountain fly.
A Japanese could boil tees
and wear the hex my royalties.
Not that.
Not even a little tiny bit.
We're Aerosmith,
and this is Nickelodeon.
We want to thank you all
very, very much
for voting us number one.
Please welcome from Roseanne Michael Fishman
from the Nannies,
Nicole Tom
and from Phenom,
Ashley Johnson.
Because it sounds like
the Orange Avenger is here.
There are the Orange Avenger.
Oh, man.
Not much.
All right, dude.
How you doing?
Bob Shaggy.
No.
Give it up.
Hi, I'm Bob.
How you doing?
I'm all right, man.
Do you have any sugar
in your system at all?
Thank you.
I am...
Security.
I am the Orange Avenger.
It's me.
Sure it is.
And I...
All you kids to know
that I'm...
Stop, I'm talking.
I want you all to know
that I am not hurt
that you guys did not pick me
as one of your favorites tonight.
My mom and dad
are actually having
an award show soon
and they told me
there's a good chance
that I could win something.
How can you hear me
when you're screaming?
Are you okay?
And I have something else
to tell you.
They're actually my feet
and they're not Orange.
They're just embarrassed
because I'm wearing them
because they're not mine.
But I still...
Thank you.
You're in labor.
I wanted to be part of this show
and I have to shut up now.
I've talked to you long.
Did I do okay?
Did I do all right?
Give it up.
Okay, thanks.
I wasn't the Orange Avenger
all by myself.
I had a little bit of help.
Come on out everybody
and now a big hand
for your host Candace Cameron
and Joey Lawrence.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you a lot, Bob.
Let's go to Shaggy team
to take us out with the world premiere
of their brand new song,
Here It Is Bam.
Come on, say it.
We are here.
Like, brand is ready to retire
and Stimpy's got a new friend
named Billy the Beef Talo Boy.
Stay tuned for the throbbing truth
behind these awful rumors
on the Renn and Stimpy show
next on Snick.
This week's Renn and Stimpy
is an all-new episode
this Saturday night on Snick.
If kids like me run in the world,
I'd finally have my own room
and no one but my friends would be allowed to come in
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set
that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
and to cure that thing that happens to your head
when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack,
I'll just go downstairs
because I'm having a Mickey D's
but on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act
totally goofy whenever you want.
Jonathan Edward Moore,
pipe down or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
Okay, it can happen.
I just joined the greatest club in the world.
It's the babysitter's club
and it's better than anything I've ever imagined.
All the gang's here.
Claudia, Mallory, Jesse,
Daisy, Dawn,
Chrissy, Marianne, everybody.
And now you can get into the babysitter's club too.
Write down this telephone number
and ask your mom or dad to call.
Soon you'll get the first video in the series,
Marianne and the Brunette.
Keep it for seven days.
Watch it with your friends.
If you don't love it,
send it back for a full refund.
Then, every six weeks, they'll send you another.
It's like having your own private TV station
right in your own home.
Great for slumber parties.
This is an awesome offer.
So have mom or dad call this number.
Now!
Say, dad,
can we have a man-to-man talk?
Sort of mono-e-mono?
That's why I'm standing here, son.
Well, I want to
pop the question to Muffy Joe and
gosh, I...
Hold it.
I know what you're going to ask.
You want to know how to
break the ice, so to speak.
Take it from me, son.
Nothing puts a woman into a romantic mood
better than a premium magnum
of fresh, cloudy dog water.
Yes, dog water.
Bottled in the Swiss house
is made from only the finest purebred
dog saliva.
Now, let's peek in and see
if dad's advice is working
for our bashful bridegroom.
Sweetheart, I got something to ask you.
Yes, darling.
Would you marry me?
Well, I...
Votre l'eau de chêne.
Pardon, your dog water, sir.
Oh!
Good timing, waiter.
So, honey, what do you say?
I say, yes, to dog water.
Woof, woof, woof.
Bark, bark.
Yes, dog water.
Whether it's getting together with old friends
or making new ones,
the sporting life
or just having fun,
don't settle for just any ordinary dog fluid.
Always demand the best
dog water and new dog water life.
It's almost done.
Goodie, goodie, goodie.
I just love making things for Ren.
No, no, no.
It's the manly life for me.
Well, I just ran 20 miles
and chopped enough wood
for the Christmas for the rest of the year.
And I'm not even winded.
Very impressive.
Yes, sir, I'm in the prime of my life.
So you feel great, Ren?
Yep, wouldn't be better, little buddy.
Do you feel really great?
Yeah, yeah, I said so, didn't I?
My kidneys.
Yes, sir, you're pretty darn good.
Well, I'm gonna make you feel even better.
How can you make me feel any better than I do now?
What are you up to?
It's your birthday.
Happy, happy birthday.
Woof, woof, bark, bark, meow, beep, beep.
Oh, stampy, you're too good to me.
You're 10 years old.
That's 70 in dog years.
Did you say 70?
I can't be that old.
Well, aren't you gonna eat your cake?
Grandpa.
He's right. I'm 70 years old.
70 years old.
70 years old!
See, I'm too young to be old already.
They're there now.
Dry those bloodshot eyes.
Remember, Ren, you're only as young as you feel.
Besides, you look great for a man of your years.
Really? You think so?
Hey, you're right, stampy.
Being all this really only in your head.
Hey, Ren, lookie, you got a gray hair on your head.
In fact, all three of your hairs have gone totally gray.
Oh, no, it's true.
I'm nothing but the crusty old goat.
And I'm getting older by the second.
Hey, I can feel it.
Happen than me.
Ren, what's wrong with your skin?
It's looking all kind of baggy-saggy.
My skin.
It's lost all its elasticity.
Too much cake.
Oh, cruel fate.
What is this heinous trick that I have played upon me?
My hands. Look at my hands.
Liver's blood.
Where's your canal here?
Throwing.
It's a fantastic rate.
Quick, stampy, get me.
Okay.
I can't stand it.
No, no, no. Take it away.
And my ear.
It is gone.
What are you looking at?
This is your fun.
Leave the door open to smell stinky.
Ow, ow, ow.
I have to face facts.
It's time for me to retire.
Me, Greg, have dignity.
Come on, old friend. Open up the hangar.
Here comes a blue airplane.
Now pilot the Bombardier.
Pilot the Bombardier.
Prepare to open Bombay doors.
What? Take cover.
Look at it.
Snape a fire.
I am it.
We're surrounded by crowds.
You like them apples.
That's funny.
You look just like the Kai.
The Kai.
Guys, you are the Kaiser.
You want Horned Devil, you?
So, it's up to me to save the free world, is it?
For the boys who did make it.
For many.
Oh, and Jack.
Now, Ren, you know it's not polite to choke.
Go ahead, man.
Right here. Finish it.
I'll pull it in the brain.
There, there, old paint.
You don't want to overtire yourself again.
Besides, it's 6 p.m.
Way past your bedtime.
It's time for all good little geezers to go betty-bye.
Mmm.
Ben, Stimpy, and Snick will be back after these messages.
I'm to head on home.
Send Dad to his son.
As soon as my fruit by the foot is done.
So we started to eat, and don't you know, hours later.
Still not ready to go.
See, when fruit by the foot, the fun just lasts and lasts.
So he kept eating.
And the time just passed.
Until one day when it began to snow.
He looked around and said,
Okay, now we can go.
Fruit by the foot.
Long or fun?
See if you get this.
Whoa!
Steel.
Chrome Dome from Skechers.
Sport utility footwear.
Good morning.
This isn't happening.
I want my Kellogg's corn pops.
Be cool.
And even instruction manual?
Chill, okay?
I need my corn pops.
Oh, like sweet popcorn.
Gotta have more.
But here I am out of cash and laid for class
and the whole school's watching me
and giving me the pops you stupid machine.
Works every time.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
Yes, sir, Ren.
What you need is fresh air and exercise.
You know, golf is a great old man game, Ren.
Watch me.
I'll show you how.
I'll be all the oxen feet.
A wine drive!
Here, you try it, Ren.
See, that's a right nice wee clubby you got there, Grandpa.
But you can't play a proper round of golf.
We only one club.
I'll tell you what, you can have all of my clubs.
There you go!
There you go. Goodbye now.
Goodbye!
Wow, it's the most beautiful, peaceful, serene place I've ever seen.
It's all so clear to me now. This is where I belong.
Oh, what do you think, buddy?
I'm with you, pal.
And what can we do for you, Mr. Hohik?
You can kiss my kidney stones! That's what you can do!
Mr. Hohik would like to be fitted for a coffin, please.
Oh, splendid!
And just how much money are we spending on our nearly departed Mr. Horning?
Hmm?
Five bucks!
I'll get my associate, Mr. Kowalski, to assist you.
Oh, Mr. Kowalski!
Meet!
Show Mr. Shmoik our five-dollar special.
First, we roll you up in a newspaper,
and chuck you from a speeding car!
I think we want something a little more traditional.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
I understand perfectly.
Our cheapest coffins, Mr. Kowalski.
Say, that looks mighty cozy.
Well, Mr. Hohik?
You! Don't you know who I am?
I'm Rand Hohik, Hollywood Big Shot!
Give me the best you've got!
Okay, okay.
Show him, Mr. Kowalski.
I give you the Intermo Grand Deluxe 3000.
Just because you're dead doesn't mean you can't live like a king!
Wow!
You give Mr. Hohik a closer look, Mr. Kowalski.
Man, oh man!
It's beautiful!
It's got all the comforts of home.
Central air, cable TV, jacuzzi, stereo hi-fi, no works.
I'll take it!
Ah!
Hey, hey! Quit shoving!
I know where I'm going.
I'm gonna put some people around.
I'll get her on a miserable day.
And don't make me come after you, ya punk!
Eat punks like him for breakfast.
Now, well, what do we have here?
All right, let's get this shindig started!
Well, who's giving away this beautiful young lady?
Rain in October?
Now, you take my wife, for instance.
What?
Ooh!
Did somebody's dead?
What a shitty little mix-up.
Yes, a subject I'm well acquainted with.
Planet every last friend I've had.
I don't live no more!
Man, I can't go on without you!
Don't go!
I can't hear myself die!
Let me be buried alive with you!
I don't know.
All right.
We've been together this long.
Yay!
Just let me get a few things.
Okay, but make it snappy.
I left the water in the jacuzzi running.
Stay and be, see who that is.
And no more salesmen.
Ah, you neighbor.
Worm's the name.
Thought I'd drop by for dinner.
Eh, eh, eh.
I like to know my neighbors.
Really get inside them.
Figure out what makes them tick.
Eh, eh, eh, eh.
Boy, you guys have been great.
Gotta go.
Places to see.
People to eat.
Eh, eh, eh.
See you later.
Such a nice one.
Shut up.
Gee, dad.
Will you play with me?
Why, dear?
Daddy's busy eating his beef tallow.
Why don't you just play with your lucky chodes?
I wish Billy the beef tallow boy was a real friend
that I could play with.
Billy the beef tallow boy.
That's true.
I'll coat your veins with impenetrable goo.
Now I have a real friend to play with.
What do you want to do first, Billy?
There's really only one thing I can do.
And that's...
Deep!
Problem, I'll give it the worst.
What do you know?
Look at that.
Dad's gonna eat the whole darn snack.
Hey, Billy, can you defy her shoes?
Hey, no problem.
Got nothing to lose.
What do you know?
Look at that.
Dad's choking back with another snack.
Hey, hey, Billy, can you defy the phone?
We lost a message when you hear the tone.
What do you know?
Man-o-man.
I hate to be around when he goes to the camp.
Hey, hey, Billy, can you defy his teeth?
Tastes like beef.
Look at that.
Dad's still hungry.
Just keeps eating.
See, my job here is done,
and I'm needed elsewhere.
So I bid you all a frying farewell.
Thanks for everything, Billy, the beef tallow boy.
You're the best homeless shelters.
If you want to help fight hunger,
but you need help finding out how,
write to 2nd Harvest,
116 South Michigan Avenue,
Suite 4, Chicago, Illinois,
60603-6001,
or call 1-800-532-FOOD.
They'll help you find ways to fight hunger
where you live.
It's another way you can be a part of something big.
The big help.
It's horrible.
It's frightening.
It's a witty bug.
You can see adventures through dark-wing duck binoculars
free with two proofs from Mark Box's
of Kellogg's Cocoa Krispies.
The McDonald's having their work done.
Mine's how we quit the half bee.
Get every half bee meal.
They're funnin' everyone.
Happy's how you feel.
We feel happy.
Works every time.
Imagine if you could explore the ocean.
Look, class, a school of fish.
Look, a school of fish.
Now you can dive into the fun
with McDonald's Magic School Bus Happy Meal Toys,
like the undersea adventure game.
One toy with each happy meal you buy.
Ready to dive?
Mm-hmm.
I'll make you walk.
The medicine I'll give you makes it go away.
I'll make you all better now.
Baby, check up.
We have killer here, which bear against it.
Ready, boys?
That's 24 megs worth of weapons, worlds,
and weirdos old killers up against.
Nintendo's biggest game ever.
He's a big boy.
He can handle it.
Well, let's see how he did.
Ship it.
Super Metroid, only on the Super NES.
When it comes to great taste in ego waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley,
except maybe his longtime rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in ego Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste,
only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Ego!
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun to let go.
Looking for this?
It's a rush, Slick.
Betty Ann's up tonight.
I told him Betty Ann tells really weird stories,
and he's been looking forward to it ever since.
Ooh, pressure's odd.
This better be good.
I'll see what I can do.
A doll?
You're telling a doll story?
Weak.
See us to time, man.
Wake me up if it gets good.
Come on, Tuck.
It's okay.
Let him sleep.
Most people think dolls are just toys,
but they're really like perfect little people.
Sometimes, they're so lifelike
that it's almost as if the doll maker
took a person and shrunk him down to doll size.
But that's not how dolls are really made.
Or is it?
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I called this story
The Tale of the Doll Maker.
Ever since she could remember,
Melissa spent weekends now and then
at her aunt and uncle's house in the country.
For the first few visits, it was pretty much a total drag.
But then the Henderson's moved in next door.
Even though they only saw each other a few times each year,
Melissa and Susan Henderson quickly became best friends.
Where's Susan?
Thought she'd be here waiting for me.
Come here, didn't you?
I'm sorry, Melissa, but...
the Henderson's moved back to town early this spring.
But why?
They love this place.
Well, we don't exactly know why, hon.
Come on. Let's get you settled in.
You must be famished.
No, Mom. The troop was fine.
But the Henderson's have moved.
Susan Henderson, remember?
We hung out all the time.
Now I've got nothing to do all weekend.
Aunt Sally and Uncle Pete don't even have cable.
Okay, okay.
I love you too.
Bye. Bye. Bye.
Hurry up, sweetie. We don't want to be late for bingo.
Hey, Melissa.
I got some work to do on the septic tank.
Want to lend a hand?
Septic tank.
Gee, sounds like fun, but, uh, no thanks.
Suit yourself.
Anybody here?
I don't think you should be snooping around up here now. Come on.
I'm not snooping around.
The front door was unlocked, so I just...
I thought maybe Susan would come back.
What on earth would make you think that?
I saw someone in the window.
You probably saw me. Now come on.
Give me your word that you won't ever come over here again.
Why not?
Because the Henderson's asked us to watch over the place.
And it's not a responsibility I take lightly.
They left a lot of precious things behind.
Like what? A bunch of old furniture and stuff?
Well, that dollhouse alone must be worth a fortune.
It's nothing for a child to play with.
Tell you what the dollhouse means.
Give me a break.
Oh, Melissa, I don't know.
It's just that I'd rather you kept away after what happened.
After what? What happened?
Aunt Sally.
I suppose you had to find out sooner or later.
Melissa, the Henderson's didn't just move away.
Last winter, Susan disappeared.
What do you mean disappeared?
No one knows what happened to her.
One minute she was there.
The next, she was gone.
The whole town came out.
Researched everywhere.
Her parents were heartbroken.
They wanted to stay in case she came back,
but in the end they couldn't stand to live in that house any longer.
Too many memories.
They're keeping it, doll.
Just in case she ever comes back.
Come on, sweetie. Let's go in.
You shouldn't have lied to her about the Henderson girl in the first place.
I didn't want to ruin her weekend.
You didn't tell her what Marge Henderson said about the house, did you?
She might hear you.
Anyway, Marge was beside herself with grief.
She didn't know what she was saying.
Maybe not, but she said it pretty clearly.
It was the house that got her.
That's what she said to me. Come here.
Kids, we just want a house.
Cool to be a kid.
Burger King is fun treasures for you.
I'm sure I'll bury this treasure around here.
It's your favorite Disney characters like Goofy, Darkwing Zuck,
and Bob because I'm cool beach toys.
You can collect all five one in every kids' meal only at Burger King.
Of course. Maybe I'll grab the wrong map.
The Burger King Kids Club is a cool place.
When it comes to great tasting, they go waffles.
Nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival,
BJ Armstrong.
Dan knows BJ loves that golden Eggo Christmas.
BJ knows Dan loves that delicious Eggo taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves them?
Eggo waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun to let go.
What do you think of this?
Everyone knows in this world it's us versus them.
So let's see what size they have.
Alright, they've got this, this, yep.
Uh oh, these guys, this thing, that.
And we've got bubble cakes. They've got this.
Whatever. This. Uh huh. That stuff.
Okay. This and pouch.
And we've got more bubble cakes. They've got this.
This. Hook out. That. One of those.
Hello. Yeah, and that.
And we've got lots and lots of bubble cakes.
So I see a definite size. Six chocolate I can see ahead.
What do you think?
Bubble cake. It's six feet of gum, but you're not Dan.
What's up on Nick in the afternoon?
Something really big.
Well, kind of.
You might want to stay tuned for details.
And now the sneaking begins again.
With are you afraid of the dark?
Lord knows why that door was ever up there in the first place.
They should have boarded it up long ago.
I'm sure I saw her.
At the end of a long corridor.
There was this weird light.
Honey.
I know finding out about Susan was a shock.
I wasn't dreaming or sleepwalking.
It was as real as step that door.
Susan will never be able to get out.
Melissa?
Listen to what you're saying.
What on earth would she be doing in the attic after all this time?
I don't know.
Okay, look. You sit here. I'll be right back.
It's the attic.
I'm going to take you back to the attic.
Yes, the attic. Don't worry. Everything's going to be all right.
There's got to be another way out of here.
Two doors on this side.
We're not just like Susan's house.
Right here with the ladder leading up to the...
Go overreacting.
I'm sure she'll turn up safe and sound.
It's the same as Susan.
I mean, maybe it was someone else who broke into the house.
I mean, for all we know,
Melissa could be out going for a walk.
Peter, I'm worried he disappeared.
Just like Susan.
But I did.
What do you mean, sweetheart?
I disappeared just like Susan.
And I found her.
What are you saying?
Look!
That very night,
Mrs. Uncle burned the dollhouse
in a big barn fire in the backyard.
As it went up in flames, Melissa wondered
where the door in the Henderson's attic would lead
now that there was no dollhouse left.
The end.
Yeah.
Where would it lead to?
Oh, you awake?
Yeah, yeah. Not bad for a doll story.
I declare this meeting
Night Society closed.
Good night, everybody.
Looks just like you.
That's a whole nother story.
That's all for tonight.
But Nick snicks again next week.
It'll be snicker-ific.
Snick-tastic.
Snick-tacular.
It'll be...
So make sure you're here every Saturday night
when your clock strikes.
Snick.